Heat Exchange / Muddguts Gallery Brooklyn, NY / 2014

Ashes to ashes, dust to dust make a trade with someone you trust. Fire stack of all trades is a master of fun… Aria and Raine bring the heat, you bring the TRADE. Coming in hot with all sorts sizzling products, emitting, insinuating, and facilitating the free heat we all know and lust for. enterPRISE: redefined. Guests bring non-carcinogenic trade items--things you've been wanting to get rid of for that spring cleanse. We're going to set them on fire.

Turn this winter into a winner with some chill fervor of a youthquake. Store, trade, burn, sell aren't just verbs for a Friday night encounter.

Clientele me something I don't know. Plz join us, make a deal, weigh it, burn it, then enjoy. One transaction this winter that won't leave you with any sore spots. We've got heat so quick you'll catch a cold. 

https://soundcloud.com/rainetrain/heat-exchange-hxc

https://youtu.be/f0FcaDx-uNs


TEXT MY MUFFDon’t miss one thumb pat in your text conversation and never go anothermoment with cold texting hands. We have the perfect solution. Our faux furtexting muff combines ideal screen visibility and overall coziness. With aclear vinyl feature face you can continue to text and even keep your friendsup to date with selfie slews. Text assured while the fur protects your paws.Able to withstand all sorts of weather this is one thing you can’t go withoutnext winter. Taxi geolocator and Citibike™ membership not included.

DIGI-MITTENSForeskin free finger extended, circumcise your digits. Get ready to typeand pencil in that dinner tonight, just peel back the yellow fleshed leatherby unzipping and freeing your forefinger and thumb. Pick up the needle inthe haystack, these mittens will allow. Get his digits while you warm yours.Made of the most supple construction leather, unzip and let your mittensperform like hands. Recreational consciousness expanded with each unzip.Don’t go another cold minute with the opposables exposable, zip them upafter you rehash-tag. #doobie

LITTLE HOTTIES AFGHAN Tuck yourself into heavenly hand warming bliss with this chic afghanthrow. Each pod holds a one-time-use warming technology that lasts upto 8 hours. Get the little hotties in heat when you break this thing out for apicnic in the park. 135° fahrenheit will be quick to heat up any situation.The natives would have been trading back their firewater for this blanketif it was in existence during the discovery of this nation. Good thing noteverything is one time use when it looks this good.

WASABI TISSUEAll bunged up with nowhere to blow? You have earmuffs for your ears,mittens for your hands, and a scarf for your neck, but how do you makesure your nose is accounted for? We’ve got you covered with our stateof the art Wasabi Kleenex® technology. Lightly dusted with the finestwasabi compounds. These are sure to clear your sinuses as well as yourconscience, unclog your chakra. They add the spicy kick to your noseblowing exhaust. Perfect for the caucasian in the room trying to bust one orburn it. Chopsticks included.

THONGFLU Just because you’re sick it doesn’t mean you have to give up on yourpanty play. Power through the sneeze-pee and red nose moments, graba Kleenex® from the anatomically accurate leather-tipped gape. Go backto your early days of childhood, fight that fever like your mother used toand reach back to use the rectal thermometer—conveniently located in apocket pinned between your other cheeks. From snail trail to whale tail thisthong has you covered with all things flu. This is one sickness you want tocatch—Thongflu™Coming soon: Breakup Thong™

IRIE-CHANGED MY UNDERWEARThis hat is for the free spirit on the go—filled to the brim you’ll alwayshave a pair of underwear handy. A little pinch of Rasta with a whole lotof Juggalette. This hat is equipped with the insistent nonchalance of thebucket hat topped with the soft-serve cherry on top conviction of a yellowbeanie. Discharge yourself out into the world with the confidence instilledin the faux fur sideburn detailing. Four pairs of granny panties included forthat third wave feminist who only wears underwear Sunday-Wednesday.100% cotton coverage for your 100% natural. Never put on an ice coldpair of undies—with 696 hours of scientific testing we were able toachieve the perfect cotton to knit mixture to trap your headheat. Elasticchin strap helps with those blistery days and doubles as the perfect pursestrap when you’ve had that certain amount of coffee. Jamiroquai hasalready ordered five.

FLIP FLOP HOT SOCK No need to tuck those flops underneath everything in your closet winter2014-- now you can wear everyone’s favorite neo-negligent footwear allseasons. Don’t you live in the village? Take those days of icy nut broboredomand apply it to your corns like it’s Land O’Lakes™. Give yourappendage cheese a cool bath. Slippery vacillations between warm andcool moisten the walls of each sock with Methyl Salicylate and Mentholabsorbed into the cotton waffling. Soaked and triple distilled in the purestbath of icy/hot and topped off with faux fur cuffs. You always go gay, whenyou’ve BENGAY.

BUSH’S NEVERWET™ BOX Hydrophobia never felt so dirty. Do what you will with this premiumcardboard box coated with NeverWet™ and brimming with a lushlandscape of baked beans. Never and wet may be two words you rarelylike to see next to one another but sensuality is preserved with thisbaked and beautiful union. Be the hit of every party by showing up withthis hyperfunctional accessory. Fill the room with the sweet aroma oflegume leisure. Dip a finger, not too far. It’s easy to be full of beans aboutthis one. All the reward, dead heat. Spill the beans while the box repelsthe syrup ooze. Bush’s™ re-fills sold separately.

BEAN JEAN Talk about SEAMLESS, these bean jeans are so warm you can smell thebeans. Employing everyone’s favorite pant design, the Chefpants™,and taking it to lunch. Every delivery man will be equipped in year 2016.Stylish mesh set these pants aflame with flame shaped detailing that isfilled to the hem with 16 ounces of black beans. Throw them in themicrowave and add heat to the equation. Turn each bean into a world ofwarmth for 30 minutes or more. Perfect time to ride the bike or wait foryour meal. Or keep the bodega boys at bay when you wear these hipaccentuatingbeauties. The always-accessible silhouette of an ever-ready lady. They utilize 
extra warmth. Be a real trailblazer with the Bean Jean,or sit at home and wait 
for you delivery. Coming Soon: Human flatulence conversion cargo short--turn 
his gas into warmth, burrito holes--becausethat thing needs to be warmed by 
the loins of his girth and worth.


CHANGE COMES FROM WITHINLAVA LAMPOpen up to a new meaning of the term “alcohol blanket” and douseyour eyes with this 161% alcohol content lava lamp. Your parentsprobably weren’t actually flower children, you just got used to tellingpeople that in high school, but relive their would-be glory days andvibe out to the flatulence of the yellow wax. Using an upright chickenroaster as a stand, this locomotive lamp is comprised of the finestingredients. I’ll give you my sixty cents, the stand is raised by 3 podsof four nickels, adding monetary elegance to the sleek curves, bringinga new meaning to rim job. Huddle by and keep warm while the tin cancondenses 40watts of pure lightforce warmth, everything is strongernowadays anyhow.

HOT HEAD MOUSE PAD Come one, come all--finally a product all computer blisters can get behind.You can’t control your salary but you can control your mood. See how hotheaded your boss is now. This mouse pad has thermochromic qualities thatallow you to fight fire with hire. NSFW

SINNAMON WOODLook no further for the perfect scented oil warmer. Go back to thebasics with this faux-rustic Brooklyn inspired incense hotplate.Incorporating cinnamon drunk ash wood from the Plaza Hotel and750 watts of electric coil. If you’re getting low FM radio signals andyou want to tap into something raw and beigely ironic then light thiscinnamon soaked plank on fire. The mortal coil of oxygen that tree ateand the sun gave is re-released back into the world. Fuck the landlord,renegotiate your lease. Get along like a house on fire.Double stick that cinnamon stick in my ash.

E- TRADENot enough patience for spring cleanse? Have internet but nothingto trade? We will offer a hand to those without. Welcome to barteringin the 21st century. Through the web of the net we are sending youa pre-prepared package of all things hot. Just the right html heatto bargain your day. So sit back, start your juice cleanse, and watchyour inbox get stuffed.

CAN-DLE
Why should beans stop cold in the cupboard? Everyone likes thewarm refuse medley that is impelled by a hot tin can full of beanson a fire. Now bring it anywhere, all you need is a lighter. This beanCANdle comes custom in your favorite variety of canned legumelegacy. Sprinkled with just the right amount of popcorn kernels so thatyou achieve a burning bonus--freshly popped popcorn arrives witheach centimeter of the wick’s singe. No reason to cause waste whenyou can just keep it, hoard your aspirations, let them multiply in yourpantry. Show your friends that you exude povo-friendly vibes that youcan’t get just anywhere.
